2922 migrate misc 719 (#255)
camunda/camunda-bpm-examples: migration/migrate-on-deployment/README.md

2. Checkout the project with Git
3. Import the project into your IDE
4. Build it with maven

> 5. Deploy the resulting web application to the application server (Note: the example is incompatible with WildFly versions 27+)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Deploy the resulting web application to the application server (Note: the example is only compatible with WildFly ≤26)
```
